gate0 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gate1 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gate2 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp3u1 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp3u2 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u1 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u2 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u3 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u4 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u5 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u6 ansible_user=ansibleuser
gp4u7 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat1 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat2 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat3 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat4 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat5 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat6 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat7 ansible_user=ansibleuser
granat8 ansible_user=ansibleuser
octopode ansible_user=ansibleuser
doppio ansible_user=ansibleuser
fatbastard ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc46 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc47 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc48 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc49 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc50 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc51 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc52 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc53 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc54 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc55 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc56 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc57 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc58 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc59 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc60 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc61 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc62 ansible_user=ansibleuser
nc63 ansible_user=ansibleuser 
nc64 ansible_user=ansibleuser 
nc66 ansible_user=ansibleuser
